[WTF-1176]: return type depending on another property (#12)
mendix/widgets-tools: packages/pluggable-widgets-tools/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> -   We added support for expression returnType to refer to another property and generate its types

Reviewer: I would mention `assignableTo` specifically, mention it as a feature added in Studio Pro 9.20 and refer to the (future) documentation link. (You may be able to lift some grammatically smooth language from there. 😅)

Author: Changes made.

Can it be further improved ?

Reviewer: See my other thread :)

-   We updated the @author in the typings generator from `Mendix UI Content Team` to `Mendix Widgets Framework Team`.

> ### added

Reviewer: `Added` should start with a capital.

Author: I think its possible to derive a changelog validator workflow from the release script to avoid this issue from happening again

> -   We added the feature `assignableTo` to [expression property](https://docs.mendix.com/apidocs-mxsdk/apidocs/pluggable-widgets-property-types/#expression) return type to enable its type to be derived from an attribute property.

Reviewer: I'd still prefer some more detail here 😅.
```suggestion
-   We added support to the typings generator for the `assignableTo` return type of an [expression property](https://docs.mendix.com/apidocs-mxsdk/apidocs/pluggable-widgets-property-types/#expression), introduced in Mendix 9.20. This feature allows the expected return type of the expression to be derived from an attribute property.
```
